android/res/values-ar/ @organicmaps/translations-ar
android/res/values-be/ @organicmaps/translations-be
android/res/values-bg/ @organicmaps/translations-bg
android/res/values-ca/ @organicmaps/translations-ca
android/res/values-cs/ @organicmaps/translations-cs
android/res/values-da/ @organicmaps/translations-da
android/res/values-de/ @organicmaps/translations-de
android/res/values-el/ @organicmaps/translations-el
android/res/values-en-rGB/ @organicmaps/translations-en-GB
android/res/values-es/ @organicmaps/translations-es
android/res/values-es-rMX/ @organicmaps/translations-es-MX
android/res/values-et/ @organicmaps/translations-et
android/res/values-eu/ @organicmaps/translations-eu
android/res/values-fa/ @organicmaps/translations-fa
android/res/values-fi/ @organicmaps/translations-fi
android/res/values-fr/ @organicmaps/translations-fr
android/res/values-fr-rCA/ @organicmaps/translations-fr-CA
android/res/values-he/ @organicmaps/translations-he
android/res/values-hu/ @organicmaps/translations-hu
android/res/values-in/ @organicmaps/translations-id
android/res/values-it/ @organicmaps/translations-it
android/res/values-ja/ @organicmaps/translations-ja
android/res/values-ko/ @organicmaps/translations-ko
android/res/values-mr/ @organicmaps/translations-mr
android/res/values-nl/ @organicmaps/translations-nl
android/res/values-nb/ @organicmaps/translations-nb
android/res/values-pl/ @organicmaps/translations-pl
android/res/values-pt/ @organicmaps/translations-pt
android/res/values-pt-rBR/ @organicmaps/translations-pt-BR
android/res/values-ro/ @organicmaps/translations-ro
android/res/values-ru/ @organicmaps/translations-ru
android/res/values-sk/ @organicmaps/translations-sk
android/res/values-sv/ @organicmaps/translations-sv
android/res/values-sw/ @organicmaps/translations-sw
android/res/values-th/ @organicmaps/translations-th
android/res/values-tr/ @organicmaps/translations-tr
android/res/values-uk/ @organicmaps/translations-uk
android/res/values-vi/ @organicmaps/translations-vi
android/res/values-zh/ @organicmaps/translations-zh-Hans
android/res/values-zh-rHK/ @organicmaps/translations-zh-Hant
android/res/values-zh-rMO/ @organicmaps/translations-zh-Hant
android/res/values-zh-rTW/ @organicmaps/translations-zh-Hant
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/ar.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-ar
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/be.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-be
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/bg.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-bg
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/ca.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-ca
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/cs.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-cs
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/da.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-da
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/de.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-de
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/el.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-el
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/es.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-es
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/es-MX.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-es-MX
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/eu.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-eu
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/fa.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-fa
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/fi.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-fi
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/fr.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-fr
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/he.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-he
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/hu.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-hu
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/id.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-id
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/it.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-it
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/ja.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-ja
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/ko.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-ko
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/mr.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-mr
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/nb.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-nb
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/nl.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-nl
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/pl.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-pl
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/pt.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-pt
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/pt-BR.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-pt-BR
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/ro.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-ro
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/ru.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-ru
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/sk.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-sk
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/sv.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-sv
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/sw.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-sw
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/th.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-th
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/tr.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-tr
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/uk.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-uk
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/vi.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-vi
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/zh-Hans.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-zh-Hans
iphone/Maps/LocalizedStrings/zh-Hant.lproj/ @organicmaps/translations-zh-Hant
android/src/fdroid/play/listings/ar/ @organicmaps/translations-ar
android/src/fdroid/play/listings/be/ @organicmaps/translations-be
android/src/fdroid/play/listings/bn-BD/ @organicmaps/translations-bn
android/src/fdroid/play/listings/ca/ @organicmaps/translations-ca
android/src/fdroid/play/listings/cs-CZ/ @organicmaps/translations-cs
android/src/fdroid/play/listings/de-DE/ @organicmaps/translations-de
android/src/fdroid/play/listings/eu-ES/ @organicmaps/translations-eu
android/src/fdroid/play/listings/fr-FR/ @organicmaps/translations-fr
android/src/fdroid/play/listings/hu-HU/ @organicmaps/translations-hu
android/src/fdroid/play/listings/it-IT/ @organicmaps/translations-it
android/src/fdroid/play/listings/id/ @organicmaps/translations-id
android/src/fdroid/play/listings/mr-IN/ @organicmaps/translations-mr
android/src/fdroid/play/listings/pt-BR/ @organicmaps/translations-pt-BR
android/src/fdroid/play/listings/ru-RU/ @organicmaps/translations-ru
android/src/fdroid/play/listings/tr-TR/ @organicmaps/translations-tr
android/src/fdroid/play/listings/zh-CN/ @organicmaps/translations-zh-Hans
android/src/fdroid/play/listings/zh-HK/ @organicmaps/translations-zh-Hant
android/src/fdroid/play/listings/zh-TW/ @organicmaps/translations-zh-Hant
iphone/metadata/ca/ @organicmaps/translations-ca
iphone/metadata/cs/ @organicmaps/translations-cs
iphone/metadata/es-ES/ @organicmaps/translations-es
iphone/metadata/es-MX/ @organicmaps/translations-es-MX
iphone/metadata/id/ @organicmaps/translations-id
iphone/metadata/it/ @organicmaps/translations-it
iphone/metadata/pt-BR/ @organicmaps/translations-pt-BR
iphone/metadata/ru/ @organicmaps/translations-ru
iphone/metadata/tr/ @organicmaps/translations-tr
iphone/metadata/zh-Hans/ @organicmaps/translations-zh-Hans
iphone/metadata/zh-Hant/ @organicmaps/translations-zh-Hant
data/sound-strings/ar.json/ @organicmaps/translations-ar
data/sound-strings/be.json/ @organicmaps/translations-be
data/sound-strings/ca.json/ @organicmaps/translations-ca
data/sound-strings/cs.json/ @organicmaps/translations-cs
data/sound-strings/da.json/ @organicmaps/translations-da
data/sound-strings/de.json/ @organicmaps/translations-de
data/sound-strings/el.json/ @organicmaps/translations-el
data/sound-strings/es-MX.json/ @organicmaps/translations-es-MX
data/sound-strings/es.json/ @organicmaps/translations-es
data/sound-strings/eu.json/ @organicmaps/translations-eu
data/sound-strings/fa.json/ @organicmaps/translations-fa
data/sound-strings/fi.json/ @organicmaps/translations-fi
data/sound-strings/fr.json/ @organicmaps/translations-fr
data/sound-strings/hi.json/ @organicmaps/translations-hi
data/sound-strings/hr.json/ @organicmaps/translations-hr
data/sound-strings/hu.json/ @organicmaps/translations-hu
data/sound-strings/id.json/ @organicmaps/translations-id
data/sound-strings/it.json/ @organicmaps/translations-it
data/sound-strings/ja.json/ @organicmaps/translations-ja
data/sound-strings/ko.json/ @organicmaps/translations-ko
data/sound-strings/mr.json/ @organicmaps/translations-mr
data/sound-strings/nl.json/ @organicmaps/translations-nl
data/sound-strings/pl.json/ @organicmaps/translations-pl
data/sound-strings/pt-BR.json/ @organicmaps/translations-pt-BR
data/sound-strings/pt.json/ @organicmaps/translations-pt
data/sound-strings/ro.json/ @organicmaps/translations-ro
data/sound-strings/ru.json/ @organicmaps/translations-ru
data/sound-strings/sk.json/ @organicmaps/translations-sk
data/sound-strings/sv.json/ @organicmaps/translations-sv
data/sound-strings/sw.json/ @organicmaps/translations-sw
data/sound-strings/th.json/ @organicmaps/translations-th
data/sound-strings/tr.json/ @organicmaps/translations-tr
data/sound-strings/uk.json/ @organicmaps/translations-uk
data/sound-strings/vi.json/ @organicmaps/translations-vi
data/sound-strings/zh-Hans.json/ @organicmaps/translations-zh-Hans
data/sound-strings/zh-Hant.json/ @organicmaps/translations-zh-Hant
